[whack]
[ticking]
Say there...
Morning, garland.
Where the hell are we?
What time is it?
It's early,
and nowhere, it looks like.
Have you seen buck?
No. I ain't
seen anybody.
Well, I do.
[whack]
Hey, buck! Come on.
We better move it.
We got about
We got a radio
interview at 2:00.
You screwed up my shot, Sid.
That's ok.
Come on, buck.
Let's go.
[whistling]
Ok.
How the hell
did you do that?
Rooster's over there
hitting them back.
Keep your head down,
rooster!
[moo]
Good-bye, ball.
Aw...
Rooster!
Whoa!
Rooster, come on!
We'll come back
And kill the rest
of these cows later!
Guess you're
about ready to go.
Yeah, I guess I am.
Hang in there, Sid.
Ok, here we go.
Way to go, rooster.
Good. You kept your head down.
[bus engine starts]
Buck: 1, 2.
[music plays]
%% on the road again %%
%% just can't wait to get
on the road again %%
%% the life I love is making
music with my friends %%
%% and I can't wait to get
on the road again %%
%% on the road again %%
%% goin' places
that I've never been %%
%% seein' things that
I may never see again %%
%% I can't wait to get
on the road again %%
%% on the road again %%
%% like a band of gypsies,
we go down the highway %%
%% we're
the best of friends %%
%% insisting that the world
keep turning our way %%
%% and our way %%
%% is on the road again %%
%% just can't wait to get
on the road again %%
%% the life I love is making
music with my friends... %%
Here you go,
partner.
Much obliged.
Buck?
We done a lot of living on
this old road, you and me.
Yeah, we have.
Started out with nothin'
but a guitar and a hard-on.
Ha ha! Well, you
still got your guitar.
%% on the road again %%
%% like a band of gypsies,
we go down the highway %%
%% we're
the best of friends %%
%% insisting that the world
keep turning our way %%
%% and our way %%
%% is on the road again %%
%% just can't wait to get
on the road again %%
%% the life I love is making
music with my friends %%
%% and I can't wait to get
on the road again %%
Yeah!
[applause]
All right!
That's garland Ramsey
Playing the guitar
there for you folks!
[cheering]
Buck: Old garland.
Buck, you are aware
I'm quitting?
Quitting? Old Sid says
We're just about ready
to go large.
You believe that?
Maybe so.
They've used up
everybody else.
They got to get to guys
like us sooner or later.
Then you're gonna tell me
we're too big to quit?
See them ratchets out
there on the highway?
Ratchets?
On the center line.
Them little bumps.
I'm serious, buck.
Bet you $500 I can
thread this mother
Back and forth
between them ratchets
Without hitting
one of them.
Goddamn it,
I'm serious.
I'm serious, too,
garland.
10 times in a row,
Or 10 times between
here and Austin?
10 times in a row.
Nothin' touches nothin'.
$500. Are you in or out?
All right. I'm in the bet,
but I'm out of the band.
[band laughing]
%% whiskey River,
take my mind %%
%% don't let her memory
torture me %%
%% whiskey River,
don't run dry %%
%% you're all I've got,
take care of me %%
All right! Round 'em up!
Back in
the ball game.
All right, smart-ass,
I owe you 500.
Goddamn it, listen,
I'm trying to
give you notice.
Let's quit talkin'.
We sound like we're
getting a divorce.
Whoo-ee!
All right!
Come on!
That was a good one,
huh, Sid?
I think we're
in trouble.
How's that?
Hard as you've tried to
avoid it all these years,
God knows you've
tried to avoid it,
I think
you're catching on.
I'll probably figure out
some way to screw it up
If I work on it,
and I'll work on it.
I'm just afraid
you will.
Come on, sugar.
You can go with me.
Buck: Let's
go home, boys.
[bus engine starts]
Tex:
Hey, hold it! Hold it!
[door opens]
[woman squeals]
Sid:
Buck, see you tomorrow.
Buck: Ok.
Take it easy.
Bye!
[whistling
on the road again]
[car horn honking]
[honk honk]
[bus horn honks]
[honking]
Hey!
Hey, wait a minute!
Stop! Come on, you're
gonna run over me, dad!
Come on! Stop it!
[honking]
Stop!
[honks]
All right!
Hey, Jamie!
Daddy!
How you doin'?
Come here.
Oh, heavy!
Must weigh a ton.
What you been eating,
cannonballs?
No.
You smell like
a cesspool.
Oh, daddy.
Come here. I got you
something for your birthday.
That was last week.
I don't care.
[neighs]
Happy birthday,
Jamie.
Daddy!
[horse neighing]
Whoo!
Hey, mom,
look at me!
Hey, cowboy!
All right.
I missed you
so much.
Mama, look what papa brought
for my birthday.
It's beautiful.
Oh, hi, babe.
Oh, you look good,
But you smell
like a cesspool.
Where you been?
Let me tell you,
That horse was harder
to load on that bus
Than you ever were.
Jamie:
Isn't she pretty, mama?
Oh, honey,
she's beautiful.
Look at his rump.
Big and wide.
Runs in the family.
I beg your pardon.
Wait a minute.
I'm pickin' real good, papa.
Did mama tell you?
I thought you was gonna
grow up to be respectable.
I'm gonna stretch him out,
papa. See you later.
Take it easy, son.
Gotta get these off.
Oh, honey. Come on.
Mmm...
Each time
seems longer.
Yeah.
Ha ha ha!
Mmm!
When did you
do that?
[playing guitar]
[humming]
Hey, Jamie, I think you need
a little more ice over there.
I think what we need is
one with a motor on it.
This is hard.
Ah, when I was a kid, I used
to churn butter for my mom.
That was hard work.
Your mama told me you didn't
do a lick of nothin'
Except hide by the creek
playing that $5.00 guitar.
Guess times haven't
changed too much,
Huh, ma?
Out of the mouths
of babes.
Hey, why don't you
come over here
And pluck this $5.00 guitar?
Let me do that.
Ok. Thanks.
You know that song
I was just playing?
I think I heard it.
Starts off in "a,"
then goes to "d."
%% so you think
you're a cowboy %%
%% with a mind to do
everything wrong %%
%% it starts to get smoother,
but the circle begins %%
%% by the time that you
get there, it's gone %%
Jamie, that's terrific.
What say we try it?
Ready?
Let's do it.
Oh, looks good.
Oh, boy. Looks great.
How's it taste?
Good.
Yeah? Mmm.
Jamie: Wait a minute, dad.
What about me?
[laughing]
Open up.
Mmm!
That good?
[giggling]
Are you serious?
Aah!
You did--
You guys!
I'm appalled, you--
[laughing]
Aah!
Hey! Hey!
Oh!
That's funny, dad!
Ha ha ha!
No! Oh! Oh!
Get mommy.
No, you--oh, blecch!
Blecch?
Blecch!
This is fun.
Oh! Oh!
Hey, Jamie, why don't
you clean this up
While me and mom
go play?
No! Aah! Ha ha!
You go play.
That's my daddy.
Hey. Hey, wait a minute.
Where you going?
It's past your bedtime.
Gonna catch some fireflies.
Give me a couple minutes.
Buck: I haven't heard
a screen door slam
Or smelled fresh-cut hay
all Summer.
Or you.
When you're on the road,
Do you sleep with many
other women, buck?
No, I don't.
Not many or none at all?
I was feeling really down
the other night.
I had a glass of wine.
You left half a joint layin'
on your desk, and I smoked it.
I don't know how
you could possibly
Smoke that stuff very often
And not want to go to bed with
someone when you're all alone.
I got to finish making
potato salad for tomorrow.
Viv...
[music playing]
Excuse me.
Hey, buck!
Buck:
Hey, garland!
Look at Jamie!
Buck:
Hey, how are you?
Hey, darlin'.
Buck, you made
potato salad?
No. I'm gonna eat it,
though.
Emcee: Tag dance
for hackberry,
And it's a ladies' choice.
Who wants it?
[clapping]
All right!
%% when business is slow
and I'm feelin' low %%
%% I know just what to do %%
%% walk on out
and lock the door... %%
Buck?
Give me that plate,
you skinny thing.
Man, you're looking
like a peeled twig.
Lily!
[dog barks]
Woman:
Get out of that!
[talking and laughing]
How you doin',
darlin'?
Buck: Who's that?
Oh, that's Lily.
Garland's daughter.
Lily!
Come here!
She's teaching Jamie
to play guitar.
How you doin'?
I knew that dress
was right.
Beautiful.
Great.
Welcome back.
You done
a lot of growin'.
You ain't seen me
for 3 years.
I been away
at school.
Doesn't she
look good?
3 years at school,
She's still sayin' "ain't."
[bang]
[screaming]
[laughter]
Little woman, she said,
"is something wrong?"
Owen, what are you
talking about?
"well, we're here
to kill somebody."
He asked me. "I really
wanted to kill you."
That man literally
scared me--
We'll see you, Owen.
He literally
scared me--
Bo, I tell you what,
now...
Hey, grandpa,
how you doin'?
Who are you?
That's buck, grandpa.
You know, Olean’s boy.
See you later,
grandpa.
That's Olean’s boy?
Yep.
Well, who's Olean?
[laughter]
Are you having
a good time?
Thank you very much.
Say, listen, buck,
how about coming up
And singing a song?
Tell you what.
Instead of me,
Let's get
Jamie Bonham up there.
This'll be the first time
he'll play guitar in public.
No! Come on!
You, too, Lily.
Come on up.
[plays crazy]
%% I'm crazy %%
%% crazy for feelin'
so lonely %%
%% I'm crazy %%
%% crazy for feelin'
so blue %%
%% and I knew %%
%% you'd love me
as long as you wanted %%
Crowd: Ohh...
%% and then someday %%
%% you'd leave me
for somebody new %%
%% wonderin' %%
%% what in the world
did I do %%
What's the matter?
I don't have any music
in me, daddy.
Sure you do.
Everybody's
got music in 'em.
Not me.
Sure you do.
Everybody makes mistakes.
I make mistakes.
You were up there tryin'.
That's all that counts.
You'll make music one
of these days. You'll see.
How do you get it
to come out, daddy?
You just kind of let it
come out by itself.
It'll come out.
Last one in's a rotten egg.
Yeah, take them
clothes off there.
Help!
Hey,
that ain't fair!
[laughing and yelling]
%% I know where
the blue bonnet grows %%
%% and it's paradise to me %%
%% Amarillo up north
down to Mexico %%
%% from the Pecos
to the sea %%
%% there's a prairie wide
lyin' on every side %%
%% and the mountains
Heaven-high %%
%% count the days
till I can raise %%
%% my eyes
to your dear Sky %%
%% I'm coming back to you,
my Texas %%
%% to your southern
sunny skies %%
%% to the land
that gave me birth %%
%% the grandest land
on God's green earth %%
%% when I get back,
I'm gonna tell you %%
%% I've got a love
that's true and tall %%
%% comin' back to you... %%
How you doin', sugar?
Don't you dance
with her anymore.
What do you mean?
Just don't.
Oh, now, look, I've gone
and hurt your feelings.
[yodeling]
[cheering]
Here's one.
Let's get on the floor
And do an little tune
called Cotton-eyed Joe.
Keep an eye on her, grandpa.
Don't play around.
I'll be right back.
Don't move.
[Owen babbling]
Hey, Owen,
give me a cola.
How you doin'?
Psst. Psst.
Hurry. These damn chiggers
about to eat me alive.
Chiggers.
Have you by any Chance
seen Tex?
Nope.
Oh, wait a minute.
I think I saw him
Walkin' over toward
the bus a minute ago.
I'm gonna go look.
Let me go with you.
Don't want a rattlesnake
to jump up and bite you.
You're real sweet.
Yeah, ain't I?
Owen: I knowed
I got 'em somewhere...
[babbling]
[snickering]
And that's domino.
Play me one more.
You keep saying that.
I want to sing.
I want to dance.
I want to have some fun.
You gonna play me
one more?
No.
Jeez.
Viv: %% I have seen the mornin'
burnin' golden %%
%% on the mountains
and the skies %%
%% achin' with the feelin'
of the freedom of an eagle ¶
%% as she flies %%
%% turnin' all my world away %%
%% you smiled upon my soul
as I lay dyin' %%
%% healin' as the colors
in the sunshine %%
%% and the shadows
of your eyes %%
%% wakin' in the mornin'
to the feelin' %%
%% of your fingers
on my skin %%
%% wipin' out the traces
of all the people %%
%% and the places
that I been %%
%% teaching me
that yesterday %%
%% was somethin' that
I never thought of tryin' %%
%% talkin' of tomorrow %%
%% and the money, love, and
time we'll have to spend %%
%% lovin' you
is easier than %%
%% anything
I'll ever do again %%
%% comin' close together %%
%% with a feeling that I've
never known before %%
%% in my time %%
%% you're not ashamed
to be a woman %%
%% you know just how
to be a friend %%
%% I know all the answers %%
%% to the easy way
you opened every door %%
%% in my mind %%
%% dreamin' is
as easy as believin' %%
%% that
it's never gonna end %%
%% lovin' you
is easier than %%
%% anything
I'll ever do again %%
%% lovin' you
is easier than %%
%% anything
I'll ever do again %%
[cheering]
Whoo-hoo!
Buck: What do you say
we all sing a song together?
[cheering]
Lily, come on
and help us sing.
Some of my band here?
Y'all come up here.
This has been a real good day.
We've all had a good time.
And thank you all for coming out
and helping us celebrate.
Kenneth, come up here
and help us do this.
%% amazing Grace %%
%% how sweet the sound %%
%% that saved a wretch %%
%% like me %%
%% I once was lost %%
%% but now I'm found %%
%% was blind
but now I see %%
Buck: Play it
on the piano.
[piano playing
amazing Grace]
Sure enjoyed singing
with you last night.
Just like old times, huh?
Wasn't that nice?
It felt so good.
Buck: Yeah.
Viv.
Hmm?
I don't have
other women on the road.
I have in the past.
A long time ago.
But I don't anymore.
Oh, God, I was so scared
to ask you that question.
Mmm.
You know what happens
When I'm here
all by myself?
Sometimes those thoughts
start hitting me.
I couldn't handle it
if you did, buck.
I'm know I'm selfish,
But every year you're
out there seems like 10.
It gets so hard.
I just have
so much love,
I don't know what
to do with it all.
Come back on the road
with me.
Come on, honey.
We need to be together.
We need each other.
It's true.
Then come back
on the road.
Honey, we've been
through that before.
I cannot live on a bus
with 14 people.
I can't. I've tried.
Every time I ask you
for a real answer,
You say,
"come on the road."
That is a real answer. People
do raise families on the road.
You know what
I really think?
I've got to tell you
how I feel.
I feel most of the time
you don't want a family.
You make all your
efforts for strangers,
People who don't
even know you.
None for us!
You treat Jamie and me
like an audience.
You pop in, sing a song,
then you're gone again,
And we're supposed to be
glad you came through town!
That's what I do. I pop in,
I sing a song,
And then I'm gonna again.
And I like it.
No wonder. All you have
to do is remember the words.
Nobody on the road asks
more of you than that, buck!
That's just not true.
It is true. If it isn't,
you tell me what is.
What's gonna happen
when it all goes pfft?
Are those people going to be
waiting out there for you?
Well, you know
I can't quit.
I have never asked you
to quit, honey.
I just want you
to stay home more.
But I can't even slow down,
not right now.
All right, I'm gonna
ask you something, ok?
Really.
Is there ever going
to be a time...
When you are
gonna slow down?
Ever?
Ok.
It's just not
gonna work out.
Yeah, bye.
Longley signed with Ray price.
We can't get him.
How you doin'?
Ok. No, no, no.
Talk to you later,
ma. Thanks.
No good. Everybody--
Buddy Lewis,
Frank Dunne,
Bill Rabe,
Berkeley Edwards--
They're all committed
somewhere else.
We can get this
new kid, though,
In about
His name
is Cotton Roberts.
Buck:
Sound like a rabbit.
Maybe he is a rabbit.
Nah, I hear
he's pretty good.
Yeah, but what are we
gonna do for 3 weeks?
Go fishin'?
Got dates to play.
I'll talk garland into going
back out for a little while.
Oh, no, honey,
don't do that.
No, rosella
laid down the law.
She just said it right to him,
"if you go, I'm goin',
But I'm goin'
in the other direction."
I just had a thought.
I mean, it's off the wall.
We're talkin' about
So what about Lily?
Lily?
Garland's daughter.
Lily Ramsey.
Right.
Hey, buck.
That's good show business.
No, I don't like it.
It was your idea.
I don't care.
It's dirty pool.
I mean, garland came home
to be with his family.
Yeah, but, hey, he shouldn't
hold me up like this.
And it is only 3 weeks.
Come on, what's 3 weeks?
Well...
Yeah, it is.
It's only 3 weeks.
Buck: It's only gonna be
for 2 or 3 weeks, garland.
You said 4.
Bring me another beer.
You want one?
Make it 2.
Why don't you come back on
the road with us, garland?
At least until old Cotton
what's-his-ass gets free.
Hell,
I don't trust myself.
I'd go out, well,
I'm liable to stay out.
Rosella'd kill me.
If Lily was a boy,
you'd let her go.
Yeah, probably.
But I ain't sure
that I want my baby girl
On that gol-dang bus
with them fellers.
Lily ain't much of a baby
anymore, garland.
You took a look
at her lately?
Yeah.
That's what I mean.
[knocking]
Hey, daddy.
Hello, baby.
What you doin' here?
How's my girl?
I'm great.
How you doin'?
Hey, what you up to?
Not much.
Hey, you want some coffee?
Yeah. That'd be
really good.
Sit on down.
Doggone it.
You got a lot
of my friends up there.
Yup.
Hey, Lily.
Have you seen
my blue shirt? Oh.
Daddy,
that's dorsey Lee.
Dorsey Lee,
that's my daddy.
Good to meet you.
Howdy.
I sure admire your music.
Yeah.
Hey. Good mornin'.
Mornin'.
Oh, daddy.
Well, goddamn it, Lily.
Daddy, I'm 22 now.
All growed up
and haired over.
Lily,
just listen to you talk.
[giggles]
I was kind of hopin' that...
Well, maybe you could
live at home this Summer.
Yeah, well,
I just kind of wanted
A place of my own,
you know?
I'll come visiting you
a lot.
Yeah, I-
-I reckon.
Oh, uh...
Buck's thinkin'
about askin' you
To go out on the road
with him for a while.
Are you kiddin' me?
What did you tell him?
Well, it'd just be
for a couple of weeks
Till Cotton Roberts
could take the job.
You wouldn't want to go out
On a little old squirt
like that, now, would you?
Yes, I would, daddy,
I really would.
God, I'm a musician.
Of course I want to go.
Oh, Lily, one-night stands.
Gets real rowdy on that bus
and in them motels.
Partyin' and the drinkin'.
You don't want to go
on the road.
How do you know
what I want?
You don't know anything
about me, do you, daddy?
It's not morning yet.
Yeah, I know.
I can't sleep.
You know, I've been thinking
about dedicating
That whole labor day concert
to garland this year.
What do you think?
Oh, it sounds really nice.
He'd probably
really like that.
What do you think
About you and I taking
some time off this year
After the concert,
Going away somewhere,
just you and me?
Would you like that?
I'd love it.
I really mean it, Viv.
Every time you say it
you mean it, buck.
Just do me a favor, ok?
Don't mention anything to Jamie
about taking time off.
Why not?
'cause he'll believe it.
I do love you, Viv.
I know you do.
I know it.
I love you, too.
I'll be down
by the creek.
Buck: %% feel comfortable %%
%% just to know %%
%% you never doubt me... %%
Bus leaves at 10:00, ok?
Ok.
Thanks.
%% sometimes I wait %%
%% for you to be the girl
of my dreams %%
%% although I love you %%
%% in my own %%
%% peculiar way %%
Baby, you play good.
I will, daddy.
Don't you worry,
garland.
We'll take real good
care of her.
Bye-bye, honey.
Don't you forget
to come back.
Well, I'm glad that
we talked it out,
Said what we had to say,
aren't you?
Yeah.
Why don't you and Jamie
just show up?
Really?
Yeah.
Where?
Anywhere.
Surprise me.
Ok, I will.
See y'all. Love you.
Bye, hon.
Sid: Garland, rosella.
Buck wants to know just
how embarrassed you'd be
If we threw the whole
labor day concert
In your honor.
Rosella: Ha ha. Sid.
Tex: Oh, I think
I'm in love.
Hey, garland.
Buck, Sid told me what you
got planned for labor day.
I kind of like it.
Yeah. I kind of like
you, too, garland.
They ought to make
a statue out of you
One of these days.
Well, if they do,
I hope I'm mounted
On my Allis Chalmers
tractor plowin',
'cause that's what I'm gonna
be doin' from here on out.
If you're a farmer, garland,
I'm a brain surgeon.
Hey, have a good trip.
Ok.
Gonna miss goin'
with you.
All right.
See you later.
Um...
Got a good day for
travelin', honey.
Yeah.
Hey, we'll take some time off
after labor day, ok?
We will?
Sure.
Promise?
Yeah.
Ok.
Call me as soon
as you get in, huh?
As soon
as we get checked in.
Ok.
Let's go.
Child: Bye, Lily!
Children: Bye, Lily!
Bye-bye.
I love you.
Bye. Bye-bye.
Buck: %% on the road again %%
%% just can't wait
to get on the road again %%
%% the life I love is
makin' music with my friends %%
%% and I can't wait to get
on the road again %%
%% on the road again %%
%% goin' places
that I've never been %%
%% seein' things
that I may never see again ¶
%% and I can't wait to get
on the road again %%
%% on the road again %%
%% like a band of gypsies,
we go down the highway... %%
That a new hat
you got there, Sid?
Yeah. You like it?
Yeah. It looks
like a good one.
It is a beaut,
I guarantee you.
It's amazing what they can do
with cow flop nowadays.
Deal, asshole. I might
want to buy a new one.
I'll bet you would.
Who all in here has got
a college education?
Lily: I do.
You do?
Yeah.
Well, run in the back there
and get me a beer, would you?
Hate to see an education
go to waste.
Sid:
I only got 4 cards.
You're gettin'
another one right here.
Could you
get me one, too?
Get me one, too, babe.
Sid: Why don't you just
bring an armful, Lily?
Here you go.
Thank you.
That college education comes
in real handy, don't it?
Sid:
Are you gonna bet?
Bo: I'm gonna bet.
The bet is to you.
To me?
To you.
All right.
Start the betting.
Ah, well, ok.
Oh. Y'all pass.
I'm gonna
clean y'all out.
That's absolutely
all there is to it.
Sid:
All right, I'm in.
Your bet, Bo.
My bet?
Your bet.
All right.
Let me see here.
Think about it now.
Take a good look.
Well, I'm takin'
a great look.
All right.
All right,
it's your bet, Bo.
I'm bettin' 10.
That's all?
I'm bettin' $10.
$10, huh?
I'm gonna bet you 10.
I'm gonna raise you 20.
You're gonna raise me 20?
You got it.
Well, that's 30 to you.
30 to me.
I tell you,
That's 30 to you,
and then 30 to you again.
Gonna be 60 to you, Sid.
I'll put it in.
Go ahead, Sid.
Your bet.
You're bettin'
out of turn.
Don't worry about me
bettin' out of turn.
How'd that get on the bus?
[coughs]
It looks like
it's rooster's.
I haven't worn a bra
Since the last time
we were in Vegas.
It's yours--
bullshit!
One of you's been messin'
around with my girlfriend,
And I want to know
who it was,
right now.
I'm waitin'.
Oh, Tex, somebody
had to do it.
I did, too.
Tex!
Yeah, me, too.
We had to pry him off
with a crowbar.
I haven't been pried off
with a crowbar since...
The last time
we were in Vegas!
You just butt out!
Drive the bus!
Here, you want it back?
Buck: Thanks.
Pay no attention
to the guys.
They're just a little
bit high-spirited
After being back
on the road.
Yeah, I don't blame them.
It's like gettin' paid
to go to a party.
You know, you're invited.
Hell, they told me you were
a lot of fun on the road, buck.
Oh, I'll get back there.
I guess it takes
a few Miles, huh,
To get back into it...
Get over feelin' sad about
leaving people behind.
How old you say
you were?
Don't hold it
against garland,
Him being gone
all the time.
I don't.
I wanted everything.
I wanted him home,
And I wanted to be
garland Ramsey's daughter, too.
And I don't believe
I'm on this bus.
Crowd: We want buck!
We want buck!
You nervous, Lil?
Oh, something fierce.
Just throw it out there
And see what they
throw back, ok?
All right.
Crowd: We want buck!
We want buck!
[cheering]
%% whiskey River,
take my mind %%
%% don't let her memory
torture me %%
%% whiskey River,
don't run dry %%
%% uh-huh,
oh, you're all I've got %%
%% take care of me %%
%% whiskey River,
take my mind %%
%% don't let her memory
torture me %%
%% whiskey River,
don't run dry %%
%% uh-huh,
oh, you're all I've got %%
%% take care of me %%
%% whiskey River,
take my mind %%
%% don't let her memory
torture me %%
%% whiskey River,
don't run dry %%
%% uh-huh,
oh, you're all I've got %%
%% take care of all of us %%
%% whiskey River,
take my mind %%
%% don't let her memory
torture me %%
[cheering]
%% whiskey River,
don't run dry %%
%% uh-huh,
oh, you're all I've got %%
%% take care of me %%
All right, thank you
very much. Good night.
Hey, tell me, what was
my daddy like on the road?
He's a lot of fun,
like me.
Man: We want buck!
Man: Hands behind your head,
come on.
1, 2, 3, 4,
Turn and cross over now.
5, 6, 7, 8,
9, 10, 11, 12,
13, 14, 15, ho!
Monsieur.
Take time for a break.
We always do an exercise
through the break and...
[cheering and applause]
All right.
%% just like the sun %%
%% over the mountaintop %%
%% you know I'll always %%
%% come again %%
%% and you know I love
to spend %%
%% my morning time %%
%% like sunlight dancin' on ¶
%% your skin %%
%% and I %%
%% have never gone %%
%% so wrong %%
%% as to tellin' lies %%
%% to you %%
%% and there is nothin' %%
%% that I %%
%% can hide %%
%% from you %%
Emmylou.
Come on.
%% you see me better than %%
%% I can %%
Ladies and gentlemen,
Emmylou Harris.
Both: %% out on the road %%
%% that lies %%
%% before me now %%
%% there are some turns %%
%% where I will spin %%
%% I only hope that you %%
%% will hold me now %%
%% till I can gain %%
%% control again %%
%% out on the road %%
%% that lies %%
%% before me now %%
%% there are some turns %%
Did you know
we were doing that?
I didn't know
she was here.
She here tonight, now?
I haven't seen her.
Where are you
playing next?
I think we go to Dallas
or somewhere,
I'm not sure.
They never
tell me anything
Till they get ready
to go there.
%% so you think
you're a cowboy %%
%% but you're only a kid %%
%% with a mind to do
everything wrong %%
%% and it starts
to get smoother %%
%% when the circle begins %%
%% but by the time
that you get there %%
%% it's gone %%
%% so you think... %%
Rooster,
I'm telling you,
This is gonna keep
your head down.
It's gonna make you
keep your head down.
Bo, man, I'm serious.
I am, too.
I swear to God,
You ain't ever
gonna beat buck
If you don't
keep your head down.
You're never gonna
beat him at all.
You like me?
I like you so much that I'm
gonna give you this hat
So you'll remember how much
fun we've had together.
God. Thanks, uh...
Sid.
Yeah, Sid.
%% do everything wrong %%
%% and it starts
to get smoother %%
%% when the circle begins %%
%% but by the time... %%
Better get used to that.
Oh, I think I could.
Look at that.
%% so you'll laugh
as you find it %%
%% the best that you can %%
%% tomorrow cannot
right the wrong %%
Are you attached
to anybody right now?
Oh. It depends on what
you mean by attached.
Oh.
No, no, no, no.
Are you available?
[laughs]
Take your natural swing.
Natural swing?
Yes, sir.
Fore!
Oh, screw you, man.
I ain't gonna yank off
my family jewels.
That's disgusting.
You mind?
Mm-hmm.
I ain't tryin' to steal
no king Solomon's mine.
I'm trying to get you
to keep your head down.
This is
a great party.
%% yeah, by the time
that you get there %%
%% it's gone %%
[cheering]
Come on, Tex.
Time to get up.
How you doin'?
I'm doin' fine.
Did I ever tell you
how much I appreciate you?
About 1,200 times.
What a nice hat.
I bet he gave that to you.
Come on, Tex.
What a wonderful man
you are.
I'm going now.
I guess I'm leaving.
I enjoyed the party.
It was wonderful.
Thank you.
Are you ready to fold?
Let's talk a while.
About what?
Volcanoes.
We got a lot of Miles
to drive, buck,
And I got a raving maniac
waiting in my room for me.
Goddamn garland knows everything
in the world about volcanoes.
I'll see you
in the morning, ok?
Yeah, maybe some
wine or something.
You gonna let me
stay all night?
I'll tell you what, we'll
definitely see about that.
[belches]
Uhh! Aah!
That's that old gal rooster's
got in bed with him.
[rooster yelling]
What the hell is that?
It sounds like rooster.
[rooster yelling]
Hey, rooster, you ok?
Yeah, buck.
Everything's...
Okey-dokey.
It's okey-dokey.
It sounded
like he was dyin'.
"okey-dokey"
must be terrible.
Let's go get a drink.
Aw, come on, buck,
I'm exhausted.
I got a lot of work to do
in the morning.
Are you sure?
I'm sure.
I'll see you
in the morning.
Good night.
[guitar playing]
Jonas!
Hey. Oh, I thought
it was Jonas.
Why don't you come in?
I can't sleep, either.
You sure?
Sure. Come in.
I don't bite.
No, when I get off
the stage,
I can't seem to go to sleep
right away. Can you?
No, never could.
Don't get too used
to it, though.
You still got to
finish college.
I finished college,
buck--
Second chorus
of whiskey River
The first night
on stage.
Better watch it.
It's only 3 weeks.
Hmm. Don't remind me.
That was the deal.
Yeah.
Well, 3 weeks is better
than nothing at all.
Hey, listen, thank you.
I mean, it's great
not having to think
About anything else
in the world.
Nothing but the band
and the songs
And being with you.
What time is it?
I don't know.
Guess it's pretty close
to mornin'.
How about some breakfast?
Ok.
Could I have
another beer?
Mmm. Make that dos.
We used to play at
this place in fort worth
That was so bad,
It had chicken wire
in front of the stage
To keep the pickers
From gettin' hit
with beer bottles.
If you happened
to play a song
That reminded some crazy
cowboy of his old lady,
He'd just go crazy
for you right there.
[giggles]
Thanks.
They want you to quit,
don't they?
You thinkin' of it?
Oh, I don't know.
I know mama
made garland quit.
I guess I understand
her side of it.
Garland ain't you, buck.
You know, I've gone to bed
with a song of yours
Every night
since I was 9 years old.
Mama always thought it was
garland I was listening to.
I've always been
scared to death
That you'd get old
before I grew up.
It must be strange
being everybody's hero.
%% funny a woman %%
%% can come on so wild
and free %%
%% and insist
I don't watch her undress %%
%% or watch her watch me %%
%% and stand by my bed %%
%% and shiver %%
%% as if she were cold %%
%% just to lie down
beside me %%
%% and touch me %%
%% as if I were gold %%
%% one night of love %%
%% can't make up
for 6 nights alone %%
%% but I'd rather have one %%
%% than none, Lord %%
%% 'cause I'm flesh
and bone %%
%% and sometimes it seems %%
%% that she ain't worth
the trouble at all %%
%% but she could be worth
the world %%
%% if somehow %%
%% you could touch her
at all %%
%% mmm %%
%% mm mmm %%
%% mmm mmm... %%
The one he had
on the bus?
Yeah!
Boy, really.
See those 2 guys
fightin' in the front?
I wasn't interested in that.
Did you see that chick
Dancing
with her shirt off?
Get out of here!
I did.
Half the time, I couldn't
tell the difference.
[coughs]
hell, I could.
Really?
2 that was fighting both
had hair on their heads.
If it weren't
for bad taste,
You guys would have
no taste at all,
You know that?
[laughter]
Aw, come on.
You know that thing
that's on whiskey River,
The second bridge?
Uh, when we start that,
why don't we do like...
Kind of a syncopated
thing?
Yeah. Come into it
like--
At--at--like on one,
you know?
Ok.
Does Tex know about it?
Well, we can talk about it
and do it...
Come in and right...
Right as we start...
As soon as we start singing
the second verse...
Just go right into it then.
You know, hit it right,
is like, uh...
Doin' that thing that
they were doin'.
Mm-hmm.
Come in right there.
All right.
That shouldn't be
no problem.
But you know what?
[laughing]
Hey, maybe we could
just saw the bus off
Right behind these seats
and just keep on driving.
Press it. Come on!
37. 38.
Press down harder
on the knee.
39.
[telephone ringing]
All right. 40!
[buck singing on stereo]
Come on. Jamie!
That's probably
your dad.
We're gonna miss
talking to him.
Come on!
Hello?
Oh, hi.
Is that papa?
Hold on a minute.
No.
How you doing, brag?
[turns volume down]
Oh, yeah?
When's he gonna
be free now?
After baton rouge?
No, after St. Louis?
It's a couple days
early, isn't it?
But that's all right.
He could pick up, uh...
With buck--
wait a minute.
In Kansas city.
Or the 16th and 17th
in Tulsa.
Is that good?
Ok, now, I'll talk
to buck later tonight,
And I'll tell him.
Don't you worry
about it.
Yeah. Good to hear you.
Ok. Bye.
How many, 37?
%% and we come here
quite often %%
%% and listen to music %%
%% partaking
of yesterday's wine %%
%% yesterday's wine %%
%% we're yesterday's wine %%
%% and we're aging
with time %%
%% like yesterday's wine %%
Ahh.
%% yesterday's wine %%
%% we're yesterday's wine %%
%% and we're aging
with time %%
Gimme some ice cream.
%% like yesterday's wine %%
%% and you give
the appearance %%
%% of one widely traveled %%
I think
it's a little large.
I like the color,
though. Don't you?
I think
it's the perfect color.
What do you think
of taking them up,
Tightening in there
a little bit?
Can you handle that?
Oh, yeah.
Here in the alternating
department,
Can they do that?
Yes. We have
the best in town.
Nice color. It looks good
on me, don't you think?
I think
it looks great.
Well...
Uh...
Hey, that's nice.
I like that.
You like that.
We can fix you to
look just like that.
I tell you
what we're gonna do.
We're gonna
grab a bite to eat.
We'll check right back
with you, ok? Thank you.
Thank you.
%% like yesterday's wine %%
Oh, terrific. Terrific.
So expect him
on Thursday.
No, no.
Lily's been great.
She's worked out
really well.
Yeah?
Oh. No, no. No reason.
No.
Yeah, well,
I'll mention it to buck.
Sure.
Ok, but take care.
Yeah.
And give my love
to Jamie.
Ok. Will do.
Ok.
Bye-bye, Viv.
Whoo!
Sid: Hey, buck...
Buck: Just a minute.
Buck: That's ok.
Table's probably
leaning anyway.
I talked to Viv.
Cotton Roberts just got
canceled out of Reno,
And he's gonna join us
in St. Louis Thursday.
What do we need him for?
Lily's doing great.
Oh, come on, buck.
Hey, buck,
it's your shot.
Uh, shoot for me,
would ya?
Ok.
Come on, buck. Viv made
a deal with the guy.
He quit his band
and all.
He'll probably sue us
if we cancel him out.
Do you want me
to tell Lily?
No. I better do it.
By the way,
Um, Viv mentioned
you haven't called her.
Right.
[no audio]
%% just like the sun %%
%% over the mountaintop %%
[cheering]
%% you know I'll always %%
%% come again %%
%% and you know %%
%% I love to spend %%
%% my mornin' time %%
%% like sunlight dancin' %%
%% on %%
%% your skin %%
%% and I've never gone %%
%% so wrong %%
%% as for telling lies %%
%% to you %%
%% and what you've seen %%
%% is what I've been %%
%% and there is nothin' %%
%% that I %%
%% can hide from you %%
%% you see me better %%
%% than I can %%
%% out on the road %%
%% that lies before me now %%
%% there are some turns %%
%% where I will spin %%
%% I only hope %%
%% that you %%
%% will hold me now %%
%% till I can gain %%
%% control again %%
Buck, I'd like you
to meet Brag Statler.
Hey, buck! How you doing?
Good to see you.
Cotton and I are just
crazy about your music.
Boy, we're just all to hell
nuts about it. No lie.
I'm gonna tell you
something else.
You are an original,
And I'll guaran-damn-tee it
to anybody.
Thank you. Sit down.
Have a drink.
Yes, sir.
Where's the boy?
Well, I'll tell you,
He wanted to get cleaned up
Before he shook hands
with his idol.
Now, listen,
I did have a Chance
to talk to your wife
About pay and all,
But, uh, well, we never did
get a Chance to talk fringe.
Uh, what's fringe?
Well, I'm talking
about percent.
Of what?
Well, gate,
Uh, records...
Uh, t-shirts.
Whatever you got.
See, I got me
a new merchandising outfit.
Oh, goddamn! I come up
a flash last night.
Why don't we buy us a carload
of Texas straw hats
From Hong Kong, China,
or someplace?
Now, look, straw wouldn't
be but about 85 cents.
To them damn chinks.
We either put a picture
of you and Cotton,
Or we put a crest
on them, see,
But we have some of them
made up in paper.
So, buck, let me get
a close-up of you.
Look over here.
Confederate flags.
Confederate flags
work the same way
The hats do.
Everybody that sees one
is gonna want one.
Plus, it reminds them
to go to the concert.
Now, they get
to the concert,
And we're gonna have
the cloth version on a stick,
And we're gonna charge
$5.00 a damn shot for it.
Ain't gonna cost us
anything
But cloth and dye
and a stick.
And we're gonna make us
a fortune,
And I'll guaran-damn-tee it.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Cotton,
come on over here, boy!
Listen. Look here.
I want you to meet buck.
How you doing, buck?
Nice to see you.
Brag: And this
is his manager Sid.
Hi, Sid.
How are you?
That's quite a suit.
Yes, sir,
it's quite a suit.
Cost us a fortune,
I'll guaran-damn-tee it.
Wear that
on stage?
Yeah.
Hell, yes,
he wears them on stage!
See, the lights
hit them shiny things,
And I'll tell you,
It damn near blinds them
for 10 rows back.
Come on over here, son.
Have yourself a drink.
I got something
that'll knock your eye out.
Uh, dolly,
come on over here
And give this young man
a drink.
Open up, Lily. It's buck.
Give me 500 bucks.
Ok.
Hi.
I understand my replacement
has arrived.
Yeah.
Let's go for a walk.
Where's buck?
I don't know.
All right,
has anybody seen the--
There's nobody in here.
I'm talking to myself.
We're late!
Ohh. Where you been?
You ready to go on?
How you feeling?
Hey, Cotton,
Why don't you go out there
and warm them up a little?
Do anything you wanna do.
Some of your own stuff.
What?
Just leave
the curtain shut
And go and pick a couple
of songs for them.
You can handle that,
can't you?
Are you kidding?
Hell, he'll have them
rolling in the aisles
On the second song.
On the first song.
First song!
That's right.
What are you gonna open
with, king of the road?
No. A tune
that I wrote.
Oh, all right,
all right.
All right.
%% Lord %%
%% 'cause it's
the only part %%
%% I know %%
%% yeah %%
Thank you.
Wasn't that just sweeter
than Dolly Parton
In a whole bucketful
of buttermilk, everyone?
I appreciate it so much.
Listen, would you do me
a big favor
And give a big round
of applause
To the gentleman
that I came here to play with,
Buck Bonham!
Huh?
[band begins playing]
%% whiskey River,
take my mind %%
[audience laughs]
%% don't let her memory
torture me %%
%% whiskey River,
don't run dry %%
%% uh-huh,
oh, you're all I've got %%
%% take care of me %%
%% whiskey River... %%
Sign here!
Hey, baby.
Hey.
How you doing?
Hey, there's
the big man.
[spurs jingling]
You rotten
son of a bitch.
You made me look
like a fool out there.
I didn't tell you to wear
that silly-lookin' suit.
Cotton: I oughta take
your face off.
Hey, it was just
a little gag.
Shut up, you bitch.
I know how you got this gig.
And it wasn't playing guitar,
unless you played it in bed.
Besides that, she plays
better guitar than you do!
We got your ass now, man!
I got you now,
you pigtailed son of a bitch!
We're going at it!
I'm gonna sue you!
I'm gonna sue
your ass!
Sue away!
Brag: I'm gonna sue
your ass!
You ok?
Well, uh...
%% if you %%
%% had not have fallen %%
%% then I would not
have found you %%
%% Angel flyin' too close %%
%% to the ground %%
%% and I patched up
your broken wing %%
%% and hung around %%
%% a while %%
%% tryin' to keep
your spirits up %%
%% and your fever down %%
%% I knew someday %%
%% that you would fly away %%
%% for love's
the greatest healer %%
%% to be found %%
%% so leave me
if you need to %%
%% I will still remember %%
%% Angel flyin' too close %%
%% to the ground %%
%% fly %%
%% on %%
%% fly on past %%
%% the speed of sound %%
%% I'd rather see you up %%
%% than see you down %%
%% so leave me %%
%% if you need to %%
%% I will still remember %%
%% Angel %%
%% flyin' too close %%
%% to the ground %%
%% leave me %%
%% if you need to %%
%% I %%
%% will still remember %%
%% Angel %%
%% flyin' too close %%
%% to the ground %%
I think you've done
a great job, Viv.
If you ever wanna go into
the construction business
Come around to my office.
Yeah, right.
Did you get those permit
problems straightened out?
All we gotta do now is order
the food and the beer.
Everything's all right.
Thank you, Ernie.
Thank you,
ma'am.
Ok.
How ya doing, ed?
Thank you.
Hey, Jim!
How are ya, Viv?
How ya doin'?
Say, me and the boys
bought you something
For all your hard work.
Can you catch?
[giggles]
Let's see.
[laughing]
Worker:
Hey, Viv, put it on!
Whoo-hoo!
Yeah.
All right.
You like that down there,
fellas?
When's buck and
the band getting back?
They've got
a couple more dates.
I'm gonna go up
to Amarillo tomorrow
And try and surprise him,
come back with him.
%% and talking
of tomorrow %%
%% and the money,
love, and time %%
%% we'll have to spend %%
%% lovin' you is easier %%
%% than anything I'll ever %%
%% do again %%
Closing time, buckaroo.
Lights out.
Lily's singing with papa.
[Lily and buck singing
on radio]
I didn't know
they were on.
She's sounding good,
isn't she?
She's coming up
in the world.
You sleepy, honey?
No.
Time to go to sleep
anyhow. Hand him over.
What are you
talking about?
Jamie! Come on,
give me hard hat.
Ohh.
Oh, I know.
It's a tough life.
Who do daddy
and I love?
Each other.
And who else?
Me.
That's right.
Say your prayers yet?
Not yet.
Ok, honey, you do that,
And I'll see you
in the morning light.
[telephone ringing]
Yeah.
[ring]
Hello?
Viv? Brag Statler.
Hi, brag.
I just want you to know
You are married
to a son of a bitch,
And Cotton
is gonna sue him
For breach of contract,
And if you know
what's good for you,
You'll look
into what's going on
Between him and that
female guitar player.
Wait a minute.
What are you talking about?
[hangs up]
Brag?
[crowd cheering]
%% if you've got
the freedom %%
%% you show me yours %%
%% and I'll %%
%% show you mine %%
%% oh, now, I know %%
%% this ain't all that
you've ever been used to %%
%% you with your ring
on your finger %%
%% and time on your hands %%
%% and sometimes it's nice %%
%% to have somebody nice
to be close to %%
%% Lord knows
I've been there before you ¶
%% and I understand %%
%% if you're feelin' salty %%
%% well, I'm your tequila %%
%% if you got the freedom %%
%% well, I got the time %%
%% there ain't nothing
sweeter %%
%% than naked emotion %%
%% so you show me yours,
hon %%
%% and I'll %%
%% show you mine %%
%% well, I wish
that I were the answer %%
%% to all
of your questions %%
%% Lord knows I know %%
%% you wish you were %%
%% the answer to mine %%
%% so, darlin' %%
%% if you're not a thing %%
%% but a change
of direction %%
%% Lord knows
I know you'd be someone %%
%% I'm lucky to find %%
Hey, Vivian.
What a surprise.
Why didn't--
%% if you're feelin' salty %%
%% well, I'm your tequila %%
%% if you got the freedom %%
%% well, I got the time %%
%% there ain't nothin'
sweeter %%
%% than naked emotion %%
%% so you show me yours,
hon %%
%% and I'll %%
%% show you mine %%
%% now, you show me yours,
hon %%
%% and I'll %%
%% show you mine %%
Hello, Mr. Wonderful.
Nice duet.
I'm, uh, I'm real sorry
to barge in like this.
I was just standing
backstage.
And wasn't that
an amazing duet
That they just sang?
Uh, this is my wife Viv.
[cheering]
Lily here
is quite a surprise.
She's, uh...
She's the daughter of buck's
and my best friend,
Garland Ramsey.
She's, uh...
[cheering]
Lily even gives
guitar lessons
To our 10-year-old son
Jamie.
We've been friends
a long time, haven't we?
We've known her
since she was
Just a little girl
in pigtails.
Oh, I see she's got
her pigtails on tonight.
Isn't that cute?
I don't want to hold up
the show.
I just wanted to surprise
my husband a little bit.
See, we've been together
about 15 years,
And tonight I'd like
to announce our divorce.
[murmuring]
Isn't that
the kind of thing
That country songs
are all about?
[feedback
on speaker]
[band begins playing]
Hey, buck, I'm sorry.
I didn't know anything
about this.
Where'd she go?
Hey, buck, Viv split.
[man coughs]
Hey, I'm sorry about
tonight, everybody.
I guess we won't be
too welcome
Back at garland's
picnic.
[car horn honking]
Sid, what do you think about
extending a little bit,
Adding a few days
onto the tour?
Might be a good time
To see how we go over
back east.
I might try the far east
if I were you.
Lily: I'm so embarrassed
I can't think.
Didn't you think
something like this
Was bound to happen?
[raining outside]
All I--
All I knew was
bound to happen was...
You'd look at me on
the stage one night...
You'd smile...
And I'd sing for you
like an Angel.
You'd fall in love
with me.
I never got past that.
[thunder]
So...
What do we do now? Just
keep touring or what?
I think I'll slide down
to Mexico for a few days
And give Sid a Chance
to rearrange the schedule.
It'd be nice to go
somewhere,
Just the two of us.
You're not taking me,
are you?
I need to be by myself
for a while.
Hey, Sid.
Morning, buck.
Waitress: Coffee?
Sure.
Thanks.
You talk to
any promoters yet?
Thought we might line up
a few college dates.
Are you ok, buck?
She should not
have done that, Sid.
She shouldn't have
done it.
It was not right.
Well, I think she must
love you very much
To do what she did.
She's got a funny way
of showing it.
Did you really give her
any choice?
Hey, I feel bad for you.
I told you I'd manage
to screw things up.
What are they doing
out there?
Uh, they're unpacking
the bus, buck.
We all talked last night,
And they want to go back
and play at garland's picnic.
I'm not going
back there.
Buck, we all tried
to figure out
A way to stand for you.
We all tried to figure how
to stay neutral in this,
And you put everybody
in the middle.
Where you guys going?
We got to go back,
buck.
We can't
let garland down.
No more than he's been
let down already.
Well, buy 'em all
plane tickets, Sid.
The band's going back to
play garland's picnic.
You want some breakfast?
No, I don't want anything.
[hangs up]
What's the matter?
I've been thinking about
what you said last night...
How sometimes...
Loving somebody
Can cause so much misery.
And it's a hard one
to get around.
[crying]
I can't
get around it, buck.
Now, what's that mean?
It means, if it hurts
this many people,
It's got to be wrong.
I got to go
back home, buck.
[telephone rings]
[ring]
Hello?
[engine revving]
[revs]
Daddy?
Daddy!
Where's your boyfriend?
I don't know.
Mexico, I guess.
[turns off engine]
Are you proud
of yourself, Lily?
What do you think?
Well...
At least you had
the guts to come home.
Whereabouts in Mexico?
[rooster crows]
Probably the same place
you used to go
When you were hiding out
from mama.
[sighs]
I'm so sorry, daddy.
Yeah.
You two are probably
the sorriest damn pair
I ever met.
[crying]
Uh, por favor,
señorita.
¿dónde está a taxi?
Where would you
like to go, señor?
Um...
San ventoria
jimenéz?
That's an expensive
cab fare, señor.
Just point me
at a cab, hon,
And tell me where
I can get some tequila.
How much I owe you?
[speaking Spanish]
Here.
Heh heh.
You Mexicans thought
Pancho Villa was a bandit.
[speaking Spanish]
There you are, you sorry
son of a bitch.
Nice to see you, too,
garland.
I believe you and me
need to have a little talk.
I don't want to talk.
I figured maybe
you'd feel that way.
That's the reason
I brought this.
Aw, bullshit, garland...
Remember that Mexican
I damn near killed
In the cantina
that night?
Mm-hmm.
I'd only drank
a half a bottle...
And that was
on a full stomach.
You ain't gonna
use that on me.
Sober I might not,
But when I get down
to the bottom
Of that son of a bitch,
I just might.
You silly old bastard.
Now, that's
a goddamn good place
To start the conversation,
'cause that's a damn
good description
Of what you've been
the last month or so.
Goddamn, garland,
You could kill somebody
with that goddamn pistol!
Damn it, buck!
Wait a minute!
Goddamn it, buck,
come back here!
[gunshot]
Buck!
[objects breaking]
Come back here!
Where the hell are you?
Where you at?
I'm getting
to the bottom of it!
Where'd you go, buck?
I'm getting down
to the bottom of it!
[garland grunts]
Give me the gun
before you hurt somebody.
Watch it, garland!
Stop that!
Goddamn it,
give me the gun!
Give me the gun.
Let go of it.
Let go of my arm!
You broke my heart, boy.
Give me the gun. Ow!
Oh, Jesus.
Oh.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Lookie there.
You ruined my goddamn shirt.
Hell, I nearly
killed you.
You damn near did.
[laughs]
Hey, it ain't funny.
It ain't.
Yeah, it is.
[laughs]
Oh, Christ.
I need a drink.
Me, too.
Let's go over
to the cantina.
We'll get us a drink.
Are you ok?
[catches breath]
I'm getting too old
For this kind
of shit.
Me, too.
[both laugh]
[horn honks]
How is she, garland?
How's Viv?
Mom, Lily's here!
I don't think we have
Anything to say
to each other, Lily.
Please let me talk.
Go ahead.
Um...
This is real hard...
But I just come
to apologize.
Thank you.
Yeah.
You love him,
don't you?
Jamie, you live
with somebody for 15 years,
You know, you just don't
stop loving them
Just like that.
Does that mean
you do love him?
It means I'm trying
to understand it all.
It's not enough
to love somebody.
They have
to love you back.
I don't understand it all,
but I still love him.
Buck: %% whiskey River,
don't run dry %%
Garland: Damn it, buck!
You better let me drive.
Oh, I got it.
[tires squeal]
Jesus Christ!
You almost hit
that son of a bitch.
I missed him.
I know you
when you're drunk,
And I know you
when you're sober,
And you're
sure as hell drunk.
Now, goddamn it,
let me drive.
Ok, then drive
this son of a...
Hey! Goddamn it!
Hey, wait a minute!
Goddamn! Jesus Christ! Get
the hell out of the damn way!
Shoot.
Buck: Way to go,
garland!
Goddamn it,
I wish you wouldn't
Pull that kind of shit,
buck.
Which way are we
going, anyway?
Well, that last sign
you mowed over
Said "Texas."
Texas? I don't want
to go to Texas.
Turn this son of a bitch
around.
Garland: All right.
Uhh!
You silly old fart!
That's the way to turn
One of them mothers
around, garland.
Aw, shit!
Burn, grandma.
Dig out.
[gears grind]
Buck: We're going
to put rubber gears
In that son of a bitch
next year.
Shit! I never drove
for 30 years for nothing.
[gears grind]
I can't go back
to Texas anyway.
No?
Believe it'd be
kind of hard.
Yeah, at least out here,
Ain't nobody trying to nail
my feet to the floor.
Yeah. The whole road's
open to you now.
Yeah.
I'll just take
them old songs out there
And sing them to a whole
bunch of new people, garland.
You know, it's too bad
You can't come up
with some new songs
To sing to them
old friends of yours.
You miss the road much?
Well, now,
I'll tell you--
I've planted
80 acres of oats.
Every morning,
I go out there,
And I look
for them bugs.
Do you know there's
more goddamn varieties
Of them little bastards
planning on eating my grain
Than you can shake
a goddamn stick at?
But goddamn,
I have a hard time
Having any animosity
Against them
dirty little shit-asses.
You miss it that much, huh?
Well, after 30 years
on the road...
You're goddamn right
I miss it.
At least you got a good old
lady at home that loves you.
We love each other
More than we ever did now.
You still love her, buck?
Yeah, I still love her.
I hadn't planned on losing
my whole family, garland.
Never seen you lose nothin'
you didn't want to.
Turn this son of a bitch
around.
Come on.
Now we're going right.
We're heading for Texas.
Hang on, damn it.
I'm going to kick this
son of a bitch in the ass,
And we're going home!
Give me a drink of that.
Singer:
%% make the world go away %%
[audience cheers]
%% get it off %%
%% my shoulders %%
Thank you.
%% say the things %%
%% you used to say %%
%% and make the world %%
%% go away %%
%% do you remember %%
%% when you loved me %%
%% before the world %%
%% took me astray? %%
%% if you do %%
%% then forgive me %%
Ha ha ha.
%% and make the world %%
%% make it go away %%
Buck: Ahh.
I hope neither of you
is driving.
He is.
[siren]
%% say the things %%
%% you used to say %%
%% and make the world %%
%% go away %%
[audience cheers]
Singer: Thank you,
and I want to thank
Miss Katy peters
for helping me out.
And also, now
we'd like to introduce
A young lady that
every one of you knows.
Let's give a big hand
To Mrs. Viv Bonham!
How about it?
Come on out here, Viv.
[audience cheers]
Viv: Thanks.
That's real nice.
[laughs]
Thank you.
As y'all know, this, uh...
This whole affair
is being thrown
In honor of
a great friend of ours
And many of yours,
Garland Ramsey,
And, uh, garland
isn't, um...
The thing is, uh...
Garland isn't, um...
Here right now.
And if you were
all listening
To our apologies
on the radio,
Then you've probably heard
That my husband isn't going
to be here, either,
And I'm really sorry
about that.
[audience boos]
I know. I'm sorry.
But, listen, if y'all
want your money back--
Just sing one, Viv.
We don't need
anybody else.
[audience cheers]
[band begins playing]
%% there must be %%
%% 2 sides %%
%% to every story %%
%% and who's to say
who's right %%
%% and who is wrong? %%
%% and I'm tryin' %%
%% to understand %%
%% why you're not with me %%
%% how can we both
be right %%
%% when you're still gone? %%
%% and it's hard %%
%% to believe %%
%% that it's all over %%
%% a love like ours %%
%% is not supposed to die %%
%% and there must be %%
%% 2 sides %%
%% to every story %%
%% I just wish %%
%% I had a Chance %%
%% to tell you mine %%
[audience cheers]
%% I miss you more %%
%% than I could ever
tell you %%
%% and we've hurt
each other %%
%% more than we could know %%
%% and there must be %%
%% 2 sides %%
%% to every story %%
%% come on home %%
%% and tell me yours %%
%% I love you so %%
[audience cheers]
Whoo-hoo!
%% I miss you more %%
%% than I could ever
tell you %%
%% and we've hurt
each other %%
%% more than we could know %%
%% and there must be %%
%% 2 sides %%
%% to every story %%
%% come on home %%
%% and tell me yours %%
%% I love you so %%
%% come on home %%
%% and tell me yours %%
%% I love you so %%
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Buck Bonham.
[audience cheers]
%% well, I've been
a lot of places %%
%% in my life and time %%
%% sung a lot of songs %%
%% and I've made
some bad rhymes %%
%% acted out my love
on stages %%
%% 10,000 people watchin' %%
%% but now we're alone %%
%% and I am singing
my song for you %%
%% and I know
your image of me %%
%% is what I hope to be %%
%% I've treated you
unkindly %%
%% but, darlin',
can't you see? %%
%% there's no one
more important to me %%
%% so, darlin' %%
%% won't you please
see through me? %%
%% 'cause now we're alone,
and I am singing my song %%
%% for you %%
%% and you taught me
Precious secrets %%
%% of a truth
withholding nothing %%
%% and you came out
in front %%
%% when I was hiding %%
%% but now I am
so much better %%
%% and if my words
don't come together %%
%% listen to the Melody %%
%% for my love
is in there hiding %%
%% and I love you
in a place %%
%% where there is
no space or time %%
%% I love you
for my life %%
%% you are
a friend of mine %%
%% and when my life
is over %%
%% remember
when we were together %%
%% and we were alone,
and I was singin' %%
%% my song for you %%
%% and we were alone %%
%% and I was
singin' my song %%
%% for %%
%% you %%
[audience cheers]
[band starts playing]
%% oh, they tell me %%
%% of a place %%
%% where my friends
have gone %%
%% they tell me of a home %%
%% far away %%
%% and they tell me
of a place %%
%% where
no Storm clouds rise %%
%% oh, they tell me %%
%% of an uncloudy day %%
%% oh, the land %%
%% of the cloudless day %%
%% of an uncloudy Sky %%
%% oh, they tell me
of a place %%
%% where my friends
have gone %%
%% oh, they tell me %%
%% of an uncloudy day %%
%% of a place %%
%% where my friends %%
%% have all gone %%
%% and they tell me
of a home %%
%% far away %%
%% and they tell me %%
%% of a place %%
%% where
no Storm clouds rise %%
%% oh, they tell me %%
%% of an uncloudy day %%
%% oh, the land %%
%% of the cloudless day %%
%% of the uncloudy Sky %%
%% oh, they tell me
of a place %%
%% where my friends
have gone %%
%% oh, they tell me %%
%% of an uncloudy day %%
%% one more time %%
%% oh, the land %%
%% of the cloudless day %%
%% of an uncloudy Sky %%
%% oh, they tell me
of a place %%
%% where my friends
have gone %%
%% oh, they tell me %%
%% of an uncloudy day %%
%% of an uncloudy %%
%% day %%
%%
%% oh, they tell me %%
%% of a place %%
%% where my friends
have gone %%
%% and they tell me %%
%% of a home %%
%% far away %%
%% and they tell me
of a place %%
%% where
no Storm clouds rise %%
%% oh, they tell me %%
%% of an uncloudy day %%
%% oh, the land %%
%% of cloudless days %%
%% of an uncloudy Sky %%
%% well, they tell me
of a place %%
%% where my friends
have gone %%
%% oh, they tell me %%
%% of an uncloudy day %%
--
-The End---